talk talk fast you first my name is
Sarah Connor
August 29 1997
supposed to be Judgment Day
but I changed the future
saved three billion lives
enough of a resume for you
[Music]
you may have changed the future
you didn't change our fate
you're scared
to protect you
never seen one like you before almost
human I am human just enhanced
why do you care what happens to her
because I was her I can see a very upset
I am going to help you protect the girl
nobody else is gonna that because of me
if you don't make it
everybody dies respective big pain
brother whole body's a weapon
all right
[Music]
and this is all over I am going to kill
you I understand
I'll be back
you